# What's new in PVP Arena 2.0

2.0 version is a technical refactor before anything else. The most part of the work of the four last years was to 
make the plugin more robust, efficient and easy-to-use. Therefore, a lot of old issues have been fixed, and we were able
to take time to add new features or improve existing ones.

### Fixes and improvements
* New debugger and new `/pa debug` command (default settings in config.yml)
* Fix the way of loading modules, memory of arena modules is now fully dedicated to an arena
* Time goal has been removed and "timer" is now an arena setting
* Arenas are now limited to only one goal. It's easier to switch arena goal
* Arena config has a fixed order. Settings have been rearranged
* Regions move checks are more efficient
* Gamemode config ("Team" or "free") has been removed. It's now handled by arena goal.
* No need to set flag type or block type anymore in corresponding goals. Type is deducted when you set the block/flag
* Randomness of teams and spawn distribution have been improved
* Player death management has been fully rewrote. Players don't really die from now, so no more death screen or animation issues
* Registration of spawns, blocks and other teleport points have been changed: new commands and new format in config file
* Locations offset has been move to common config.yml
* Statistics have been moved in database (SQLite or MySQL)
* Fix writing default settings of goal or mods
* All goals have been refactored and tested
* Players are pushed back in the battlefield if they try to escape
* When they are teleported to spectate area (for instance after their death), players get the gamemode of the installed spectate mod
* Rewards distribution is now correct

### New features
* Join signs can have custom headers (editable in config.yml)
* Possibility to hide nametags of other players (or other teams) during a game
* Arena start is prevented if one or more spawns are out of BATTLE region
* PlaceholderAPI support (cf. [documentation](placeholders.md))
* New QuickLounge join module
* Multiple spawns can be set for teams
* Ability to join during a running match
* Ability to rejoin a running match if player disconnect
* BattlefieldJoin has been re-designed and provides a join timer

### Modules improvements
* ArenaMaps can show players, spawns, flags and is now fully configurable
* BetterFight makes possible adding explosions and custom sounds to kills
* BlockRestore has been redesigned. There are new settings and map reset is now incredibly fast (and without lag)
* ChestFiller is now compatible with BlockRestore and WorldEdit modules
* ItemSpawners makes possible to create distinct set of items for each item spawn point
* PowerUps has new effects and a large documentation to explain how they work and how to use them
* RespawnRelay supports change of class during respawn time and players can choose their next respawn point
* StartFreeze doesn't rollback players anymore (making a lag effect). They just can't move or jump.
* Vault module supports new reward options, entry fees and bet features
* WorldEdit module is more efficient
* All documentation pages have been fully rewritten and updated